Add information regarding BK and CN Training Areas to SRI (#440)
vatpac-technology/sops: docs/terminal/sydney.md

!!! example
    During a busy event, Sydney Departures is experiencing a high workload and wishes to delegate the SRI role to another TMA controller who isn't as busy.  SAN's sector is quiet, so they elect to perform the role.

#### Training Areas
SRI should monitor aircraft operating in the YSBK and YSCN training areas. VFR aircraft are not required to contact SRI for entry, however should monitor the SRI frequency when operating in the training areas.

| Training Area  | Danger Area Code   |
| ------| --------------|
| YSBK   | D556B |
| YSCN   | D552 |

<figure markdown>
![Bankstown and Camden Training Areas](img/SYtrainingareas.PNG){ width="700" }
  <figcaption>Bankstown and Camden Training Areas</figcaption>
</figure>

> If a conflict is imminent, SRI may pass directed traffic information to VFR aircraft, even if prior contact has not been established and the aircraft are not in receipt of Surveilience Information Service (SIS). IFR aircraft, or VFR aircraft recieving SIS, that pass near the Training Areas may be given directed traffic information for aircraft operating within the Training Areas, particularly those on the eastern side that may intend to exit tracking to Prospect Reservoir (PSP).

Reviewer: For traffic information to be "directed", it would imply they are in two-way communications and in receipt of a flight information service (which doesn't apply in this instance). So just made a few suggestions to tighten up the wording
```suggestion
If a conflict is imminent, SRI may pass safety alerts to VFR aircraft, even if prior contact has not been established and the aircraft are not in receipt of Surveillance Information Service (SIS). IFR aircraft, or VFR aircraft receiving SIS, that pass near the Training Areas may be given traffic information on known aircraft operating within the Training Areas, particularly those on the eastern side that may intend to exit tracking to Prospect Reservoir (PSP).
```

Author: Committed 👍
